Improvement/GDL-12-add-prettier-config (#211)
scality/Guidelines: README.md

* Provides an `eslint-config-scality` package that can be added as a dependency
  in other projects. That way, coding style can automatically be checked using
  eslint.

## Prettier baseline

This repository also provides a **baseline Prettier configuration** for Scality
object repositories: 4-space JavaScript/TypeScript indentation, 120-character
line length, single quotes, semicolons, trailing commas, and
`quoteProps: 'as-needed'`.

The configuration lives in `prettier.config.cjs`.

To use it in a project:

1. Install Prettier in the project:

   ```sh
   yarn add --dev prettier
   # or
   npm install --save-dev prettier
   ```

2. Copy or extend the configuration:

   ```js
   // prettier.config.cjs
   module.exports = require('eslint-config-scality/prettier.config.cjs');
   ```

3. Add convenience scripts:

   ```json
   {
     "scripts": {
       "format": "prettier --write .",
       "format:check": "prettier --check ."
     }
   }
   ```

> Projects are free to override options locally (for example `tabWidth` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects may override options locally (for example `tabWidth` or
```

`printWidth`) if they have strong legacy constraints, but this configuration
is intended to be the **default Scality baseline** for new or reformatted
Node.js codebases. YAML defaults to 2-space indentation, JSON and Markdown to
4-space indentation, and Markdown prose is left un-reflowed by default

> (`proseWrap: 'preserve'`) to avoid noisy diffs in existing documentation.

Reviewer: this paraphrases the content of the config, so does not add much value but creates a risk of being outdated: best leave it out?

```suggestion
Node.js codebases.
```

> ## Editor configuration

Reviewer: do we actually need (and recommend) using editorconfig ?
- AFAIK there is currently not much problem, editors (like vscode) already follow the code appropriately
- since we need to copy the file, it creates an independent copy, which may diverge over time... and we have no way to check consistency with the "original" in Guidelines (or should we have a postscript to copy the .editorconfig from guideline module to the root of the repo importing it?)

→ either it is needed, and we should recommend to use it ("For a consistent editor experience, you should copy the `.editorconfig`...)
→ or it is not needed, and there is no need to mention it

Author: I went with the second option and have removed the Editor configuration section.
As I didn’t want to recommend copying a file that would live in each repo and could drift from Guidelines with no way to enforce consistency. The baseline stays Prettier + ESLint; no separate editor config is documented. The repo can still keep its own .editorconfig for local use if desired.

> For a consistent editor experience, you can copy or adapt the `.editorconfig`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a consistent editor experience, you can copy the `.editorconfig`
```
